# Project Description
### Remotely communicated rock paper scissors using two Atmega32U4 microcontrollers.
This project was done in a two person team as a lab assignment for ECE 375 at Oregon State University. We were provided with the LCDDriver.asm, m32U4def.inc, the board schematic files inside /Board_Diagrams, and a skeleton l7.asm file to modify. Our implementation resides in the rps.asm file.
## Program Functionality
- On CPU boot the LCD Screen should display:</br><font color="red">Welcome!</font></br><font color="red">Please Press PD7</span></br></br>
- This will remain on the LCD until the User presses PD7. Once PD7 is pressed the board will transmit a ready signal to the oponents board and the LCD will display:</br><font color="red">Ready. Waiting</span></br><font color="red">for the oponent</span></br></br>
- Once both boards have trasmitted/ recieved ready signals the 4 LEDs on the board will light up and the LCD will display:</br><font color="red">Game Start</span></br></br>
- The LEDs will turn off 1 by 1 every 1.5s (6s timer). During this time Users will press PD4 to update the second line of the display with either Rock, Paper, or Scissors. On the first press of PD4 Rock will be displayed, the next press will display Paper, and the next will display Scissors. This behavior will loop back around to Rock and continue until all LEDs are off. Example of LCD display:</br>First press of PD4</br><font color="red">Game Start</span></br><font color="red">Rock</span></br></br>Second press of PD4</br><font color="red">Game Start</span></br><font color="red">Paper</span></br></br>
- Once the 4 LEDs are off the LCD will display the openents choice in place of "Game Start" (First line of LCD: Openents choice, Second line of LCD: Users choice). For example the User choice Rock and the Oponent chose Scissors the LCD will display:</br><font color="red">Scissors</span></br><font color="red">Rock</span></br></br>
- Once each LCD is displaying both Users choices the 4 LEDs will light back up and start counting down again (6s timer). After this timeout the outcome will be displayed on the first line of each LCD. If we use the previous LCD displays example where the User chose Rock and the Oponent chose Scissors the LCD will display:</br>Users board</br><font color="red">You won!</span></br><font color="red">Rock</span></br></br>Oponents board</br><font color="red">You lost!</span></br><font color="red">Scissors</span></br></br>If both Users chose the same gesture "You Won!"/ "You lost!" would be replaced by "Draw"</br></br>
- Once the outcomes are displayed the 4 LEDs will light back up and start counting down again (6s timer). After this timeout the game will reset to its original condition allowing the Users to start another game. The LCD will display:</br><font color="red">Welcome!</span></br><font color="red">Please press PD7</span></br></br>
## Compiling the program and Flashing the boards
